iOS README - Scenes (#875)
Esri/arcgis-runtime-samples-ios: arcgis-ios-sdk-samples/Scenes/Get elevation at a point/README.md

## How it works

> 1. Create an `AGSSceneView` and `AGSScene` with an imagery base map.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create an `AGSSceneView` and an `AGSScene` with an `imagery()` basemap.
```
Keep consistent with others.
